Feat/upstream rewrite (#29)
LEGO/kong-aws-request-signing: Readme.md

type = "string"
required = true

aws_service - AWS Service you are trying to access (lambda)
type = "string"
required = true

override_target_host - To be used when deploying multiple lambdas on a single Kong service (because lambdas have differennt URLs)
type = "string"
required = false

override_target_port - To be used when deploying a lambda on a Kong service that listens on a port other than `443`
type = "number"
required = false

> override_target_protocol - To be used when deployinglambda on a Kong service that has a protocol different than `https`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
override_target_protocol - To be used when deploying lambda on a Kong service that has a protocol different than `https`
```

type = "string",
one_of = "http", "https"
required = false
```

## Service vs Route scoped configuration

The plugin can be enabled on a per service as well as on a per route basis.

When enabling the plugin on a service/route, the plugin will use the service upstream as the lambda target, unless `override_target_host` is specified.

> This configuration works fine only if a single Lambda is used in the entire service, if multiple lambdas are specified on a per path basis, without the `override_target_host` configured, they will all use the service upstream as the target, which will obviously fail.

Reviewer: maybe not say that it will "obviously fail",  but explain that having the same host will fail at the lambda level, since it expects a different host.

> ***TLDR: If multiple lambdas are required for a single Kong service (which most likely is the case), the correct configuration is having a Kong route for each Lambda, enabling the plugin o a per-route basis with `override_target_host` on each of them, so the requests are routed to the right lambda.***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***TLDR: If multiple lambdas are required for a single Kong service, the correct configuration is having a Kong route for each Lambda, enabling the plugin o a per-route basis with `override_target_host` on each of them, so the requests are routed to the right lambda.***
```
